let's go through all the accessories
that come with the e 20 slowing machine
we've got the three bobbins plus the one
that came inside the sewing machine
needles a nice variety of needles here
we have 70s 80s and 90s so from light
medium to heavy fabrics a jeans needle
in a stretch needle now on our website
we have a ton of videos on all the
needles including the stretch needles -
one of my favorites they're kind of like
a 911 Adel which means that anytime
you're having trouble with with fabrics
that have lycra in them or you're sewing
through elastic or fusible webs this one
is a lifesaver gotta watch the video on
the stretch needles but watch them all
because it really will help you know
which needle is right for which fabrics
that you're working with feet let's do
the feet so from the standard foot we
have a satin stitch foot will show you
those when we do our decorative stitches
got a cut out on the back side so it
really makes it nice for those stitches
to flow out the back and not get kind of
caught up after they've been stitched
and they're very very heavy a blind hem
foot which you can also use for an edge
stitch foot you do get a darning foot
with this machine a zipper foot a
quilting foot so that's got a nice
quarter inch mark just measure from your
needle over so you know which line to
actually follow and then a buttonhole
foot this foot you actually open it up
put your button here in the back
close it up put the buttonhole foot on
the machine and it will track to make
this exact size buttonhole it is super
easy I love to like just keep a button
in there so I always remember where it
goes you also get a screwdriver which is
nice and short because when you go to
take these screws out for cleaning and
oiling your machine and by the way every
three to five bobbins you do need to get
underneath here and clean it out and add
a little bit of oil to your machine so
use that to get in and out of there and
if you need help with taking your needle
out that will also loosen that screw
also you do have a seam guide let me
show you where this goes this you can
actually push into the backside it's
kind of got a black area right on the
back top of the foot that can come in
here and you can have the ability to
keep all your stitches nice and even or
if you
even doing grid work where you draw a
line and then you're actually sewing row
after row after row you can put this on
and only have to draw one line as you go
you do have a brush to clean out and a
theme Ripper so flip that around put the
end back in here and you've got a handle
for ripping out seams you also have one
extra thing this little felt pad and put
that underneath your spool of thread
just so it doesn't whip away from you
and kind of untangle or unravel too fast
they'll kind of slow it down so those
are the accessories that are in your
machine they store nicely in this little
accessory box here